Adds draft for 3DTILES_layers (#432)
CesiumGS/3d-tiles: extensions/3DTILES_layers/README.md

# 3DTILES_layers

## Overview

> This extension to 3D Tiles enables grouping of different types of content into layers. A layer is a user-defined grouping of content - for example, a tileset of a city may have a buildings layer, a roads layer and a vegetation layer. Each layer follows an independent layout for its tiles and there are not dependencies between layers. A layer may also associate with itself some metadata by conforming to a `class` declared in `3DTILES_metadata`.

Reviewer: Maybe briefly mention that `class` in turn comes from the metadata spec?

> This extension to 3D Tiles enables grouping of different types of content into layers. A layer is a user-defined grouping of content - for example, a tileset of a city may have a buildings layer, a roads layer and a vegetation layer. Each layer follows an independent layout for its tiles and there are not dependencies between layers. A layer may also associate with itself some metadata by conforming to a `class` declared in `3DTILES_metadata`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This extension to 3D Tiles enables assigning tile content to layers.

A layer is a user-defined grouping of content - for example, a tileset of a city may have a buildings layer, a roads layer and a vegetation layer. There are no dependencies between layers. A layer may contain application-specific metadata by conforming to a `class` defined in `3DTILES_metadata`.
```

> Each layer follows an independent layout for its tiles

I removed this part because it's not super clear what it means. Could it be reworded?

Reviewer 2: It's worth having a paragraph or two talking about what layers enable.

* Enables a tile to have multiple contents that can be requested independently from each other. Avoids the drawback of the cmpt format which is all or nothing.
* Datasets that inherently follow the same tiling scheme don't need to be stored in separate tileset.json files
* Provides a way to pair regular tile content like b3dm, glTF with application specific content, e.g. some game engine specific payload.
* Would enable future capabilities like navigation meshes, physics meshes as separate layers
* Styling use cases: show/hide, change color. Enabled automatically by the styling language since layer properties are inherited by features.
* For some applications, z-order

## Contributors

> Cesium

Reviewer: @sanjeetsuhag @lilleyse I feel like we should talk about this briefly: since we have more extensions than we used to, how do we want to list contributors in each extension?

## Schema Changes

### Layer Metadata

Layers are declared inside the top-level `3DTILES_layers` extension dictionary. Each layer is an object with its key being the layer's ID. The layer may declare a `name` and a `description`. 

```javascript

> {

Reviewer 2: It might be nice if all examples in this document have the three layers described in the overview: a buildings layer, a roads layer and a vegetation layer (or rename to "trees" layer). I don't think one layer is enough to convey the extension.

Author: Added `buildings`, `trees`, `roads` as instances of `cityLayer`.

  "asset": {

>     "version": "2.0.0-alpha.0"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "version": "1.0"
```

Make sure to fix this for other examples too

  },
  "extensions": {
    "3DTILES_layers": {

>       "BUILDINGS": {

Reviewer 2: For consistency with the 3D metadata spec: `"buildings"` rather than `"BUILDINGS"`

Same with any other examples below, and same for properties, prefer `camelCase`.

        "name": "Buildings",
        "description": "3D Buildings Layer"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> Additionally, if a layer needs to associate some metadata with itself, there needs to be a corresponding class declared in the `3DTILES_metadata` extension and the layer needs to conform to that class. To learn more about metadata classes, refer to the [Cesium 3D Metadata Specification](). For example,

Reviewer 2: > if a layer needs to associate some metadata with itself

Sounds a little awkward. Could be worded more like the suggestion above.

Explicitly say that a layer is an instance of class. Also say that it uses the single instance shorthand.

> The layer object must use the [single instance shorthand syntax](https://github.com/CesiumGS/3d-tiles/tree/3d-metadata-spec/specification/Metadata#single-intance-shorthand) to assign values to its properties.

```javascript
{
  "asset": {
    "version": "2.0.0-alpha.0"
  },
  "extensions": {
    "3DTILES_metadata": {
      "classes": {
        "CITY_LAYER": {
          "properties": {
            "LastModified": {
              "type": "STRING",
              "optional": false

>             }

Reviewer 2: For some variation it might be good to add a second property, maybe "color"

Author: Added `hightlightColor` property.

          }
        }
      }
    },
    "3DTILES_layers": {
      "BUILDINGS": {
        "name": "Buildings",
        "description": "3D Buildings Layer",
        "class": "CITY_LAYER",
        "properties": {
          "LastModified": "20201030T030000-0400"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Layer Content

> To associate content with a layer, it must be added as an object to the `contents` array of the extension declared at the `root` of the tileset.json. To pair the content to a layer, we must set the `layer` property of the layer content object to the ID of the layer declared at the top level extension. This layer object needs to declare the `layer`, the `uri` of its contents and the `mimeType` for the content linked in the `uri`. For example,

Reviewer 2: I think the key point that should be made clear from the start of this paragraph is that this extension allows a tile to have multiple contents. And _then_ talk about how to associate each content with a layer.

Other points

* The extension can be added to any tile, not just `root`
* Probably worth stating explicitly that content may be regular tile content (b3dm, etc) or external tileset content
* I kinda think `layer` should be optional. Some users of the extension might not need to associate content with layers
* Side note: we don't really talk much about runtime behavior. I guess default behavior would be to load all layers when a tile is selected?
